Hotline League is brought to you by
opened by HP alright our Gibbons 92 is
here are given signing to where he
calling from a man I'm calling from
Myrtle Beach South Carolina nice very
cool what year were you born in 85 what
what years old you know it Oh arguments
you're such a troll what do you want to
talk about of the show tonight basically
I think that a hundred thieves made a
really smart long-term play about
trading media's because the way that the
way that Levi looked this whole my
opinion from what I've seen of hundred
thieves games only got to catch two you
looked really strong you ever had it
Brandi didn't look awful you look like
trash well how does Sunday normally look
you saying long term yeah long to some
day you could keep Levi's around without
trading media I don't know why it's a
good long-term solution because
mediators I've been a big fan of media
since like you know original scene nine
aquatic days and I remember kDa media's
but it I really GTA me that did you know
that Kelby used to call him the Sun God
no it's just almost ten each tear League
of Legends said the Sun God is a jealous
God and he would talk about how the Sun
God wanted all the farm media's and I'm
really sad that he got traded to fly
quest but I don't know I just feel like
Levi's raw potential alone is going to
get them further down the road compared
to what media's can bring to the table I
just don't know why you need to trade me
yes in order to unlock that potential
like long term like why not just keep
Levi's around for summer split and then
bring him in at
next year in trade medias like I don't
think that trading medias now is a good
thing for you because like I don't think
they're gonna be playing I completely
agree with that I think the whole on the
swath even if you're not gonna be using
Levi's and you're gonna be keeping some
day and rear in I think that's a
terrible like on does not great by any
means
he looked okay at best at times when he
looked like was and I guess I agree are
we just gonna like not ever assume that
like there was problems behind the scene
with meteos that they that they want to
move him for that like they talk about
how the team synergy wasn't there and
they weren't gelling in that post and
then you could watch you know you could
watch the the heist video where they
were like being pretty like sticky on an
issue like right listen towards each
other yeah I don't think it was just
like man I wish there was some way to
play Levi and see how good he is
oh let's just trade medias like I don't
think yeah that was the one - no more -
Travis like I don't think it was like
man have to move meteos to play Levi was
like things aren't working and we need a
substitute jungler if we're gonna make
this work and maybe meteos is refusing
to substitute out or whatever and play
an academy whatever it is I don't know
I'm I'm just saying I think there's more
to the story than just want to play Levi
I think right I deleted my shit media is
showing 100 thieves video or should
media's join TSM video that was on the
news loves you Travis so right amaz
deleted it I was gonna go check I like
what directions were did the League of
Legends some remnants are hilarious so
look I I mean either yes I get that it
made sense to maybe trade medias given
all the conflict and shit but I don't
think that it's a good long-term
decision because of Levi's like it's
probably a good long-term decision well
it's a questionable good long-term
decision because maybe like I I'm not
sure 100 these gets to go to Worlds now
but I think there was a pretty good
chance that could have gone with
meteos time will tell I guess but it's
much more question it's it's much it's
interesting I feel like they might be
bringing Levi up a little sooner if onto
ends up shitting the bed well but how do
you do that yeah I don't know yeah
that's true
that's why I mean even though it's
playing demos at or in sorry you go you
know they say you're either stuck with
brandini or Linsanity which i don't know
how bad linsanity is doing i've been
really pay attention to anything other
than the c9 games and challenger but
yeah listen he's not great bernzini I
think is actually okay because who
wasn't getting dicked against the
European top laners so I wouldn't mind
seeing a little more of him but you
definitely don't want to look dumb de
who's a beast so yeah I know the monster
last week yeah I don't I don't really
know what they do their roster is like a
bunch of good players that just don't
slot in correctly together so I mm-hmm
I'm not sold it's a good long-term move
either I don't know as much as I was
arguing against Travis I I actually
think I mostly agree with them link says
that wonder is really fucking good
because he Lane against him
Thanks link I mean I believed it before
that but it's always good to get more
data under wonders of east yeah I don't
know if doing well against washed-up
League players as a proof of concept
Jesus now you've got to get Austin on
the call to defend him say hey I've been
trying to bait him he just hangs out on
the twitch chat gives commentary all
right gets excited whenever Kelby says
something about dota arguments thank you
for a mmm I think it was good one I
absolutely appreciate it in a big
shout-out to you and uh you and Mark you
guys have I've been a big fan of yours
for a long time thank you thank you for
watching and thank you for not getting
at Cal being that shut up
I appreciate I've just recently learned
about Kelly made from this show so
don't need to get baited by Travis his
best days are behind him anyways League
says I have a good guy thank you so much
Hagen I did link says look at this
interviewer begging for pro players to
call him for a views alright where were
we